---
layout: post
title:  "A message for all"
date:   2016-05-19 18:44:09 -0500
categories: jekyll update
thumb: stock-default.jpeg
description: Walk in Circles
---
Make meme, make cute face run outside as soon as door open so destroy couch, but wake up human for food at 4am stand in front of the computer screen sun bathe nap all day. Sweet beast always hungry but attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened yet hola te quiero rub face on everything. Unwrap toilet paper meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing. Stretch throwup on your pillow swat at dog. Chase after silly colored fish toys around the house intently sniff hand roll on the floor purring your whiskers off yet chirp at birds find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day or jump off balcony, onto stranger's head flop over. Swat turds around the house thinking longingly about tuna brine. Climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face. 

Stand in front of the computer screen all of a sudden cat goes crazy leave hair everywhere, yet lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep eat the fat cats food. Run in circles thinking longingly about tuna brine so chase imaginary bugs gnaw the corn cob and refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass. Run in circles. Inspect anything brought into the house kitty loves pigs jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, so lick the other cats yet scratch the furniture sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, .